Feat: Canary plugin (#601)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/canary/index.md

Instead, use the [Gateway API](/kic/gateway-api/) to manage canary deploys.

## How it works

The Canary Release plugin allows you to route traffic to two separate upstream services.

The plugin attaches to a primary upstream service through a Gateway Service, Route, or even globally,
and then the plugin configuration connects the second upstream service using its `config.upstream_host`, `config.upstream_port`, or `config.upstream_uri`.

The Canary Release plugin supports the following modes of operation:

| Use case | Configured by |
| ---------|---------------|
| [Route traffic by fixed percentage](/plugins/canary/examples/route-by-fixed-percentage/) | `config.percentage` |
| [Route traffic by grouping Consumers into allow/deny ACL groups](/plugins/canary/examples/route-by-acl-group/) | `config.groups` parameter with [ACL plugin](/plugins/acl/) |
| [Transfer traffic from one upstream service to another over a configured time period](/plugins/canary/examples/transfer-traffic-over-time/) | `config.start` and `config.duration`|

### Determining where to route a request

> 

Author: This doesn't really fit here, as it makes it sound like the section is about fallback.

{:.info}
> This does not apply to allowing or denying groups with ACL.

> The Canary Release plugin defines a number of buckets (`config.steps`).

Author: ```suggestion
The Canary Release plugin decides how to route requests to the canary based on a hash attribute. The plugin defines a number of buckets (`config.steps`).
```

For example, if you set `config.steps` to 100 steps and `config.percentage` to 10%, the Canary Release plugin creates 100 buckets.
10 buckets will be routed to B while the other 90 will remain routed to A.

The `config.hash` parameter determines which requests end up in a specific bucket, based on their `consumer`, `ip`, or `header`.
For example, if the plugin is configured to hash on Consumer, then each Consumer will consistently end up in the same bucket. 
The effect is that once a Consumer's bucket switches to upstream service B, it will then always go to B. 
The same applies to hashing on IP or header.

If any specific Consumer, IP, or header is responsible for more than the average percentage of traffic, the migration may not be evenly distributed. 
For example, if the canary fixed percentage is 50%, then 50% of either the Consumers or IPs will be rerouted, but not necessarily 50% of the total requests.

When `config.hash` is set to `none`, the requests will be evenly distributed. 
Each bucket will get the same number of requests, but a Consumer or IP might be routed to either upstream service A or B on consecutive requests.

> The Canary Release plugin provides an automatic fallback if a Consumer, IP, or header can't be identified, in the following order:

Author: ```suggestion
If Consumer, IP, or header can't be identified, the Canary Release plugin automatically falls back to another option, in the following order:
```
